In 2013, Docker introduced what would become the industry standard for containers. Containers are a standardized unit of software that allows developers to isolate their app from its environment, solving the “it works on my machine” headache. For millions of developers today, Docker is the de facto standard to build and share containerized apps - from desktop, to the cloud. We are building on our unique connected experience from code to cloud for developers and developer teams.
Developing apps today requires so much more than writing code. Multiple languages, frameworks, architectures, and discontinuous interfaces between tools for each lifecycle stage creates enormous complexity. Docker simplifies and accelerates your workflow, while giving developers the freedom to innovate with their choice of tools, application stacks, and deployment environments for each project.
At Docker, we work to make the developers’ lives easier because we’re developers too. From building Docker tools that improve dev workflows, to creating industry standards for containerizing apps. From contributing to open source projects and to being elected to the CNCF Technical Oversight Committee, the people building Docker tech are one of the things that sets us apart from the rest. 
You rated Docker the #1 in "Most Loved " and #2 "Most Wanted" platform" in the 2019 StackOverflow Survey. But you also told us that Docker “Just works” is “better than chocolate cake” and is the “Best tool ever, I'm in love.” We love hearing how you love Docker.
Docker Inc. was founded by Solomon Hykes and Sebastien Pahl during the Y Combinator Summer 2010 startup incubator group and launched in 2011.[10] Hykes started the Docker project in France as an internal project within dotCloud, a platform-as-a-service company.[11]

Docker debuted to the public in Santa Clara at PyCon in 2013.[12] It was released as open-source in March 2013.[13] At the time, it used LXC as its default execution environment. One year later, with the release of version 0.9, Docker replaced LXC with its own component, which was written in the Go programming language.